Promote CachedRuntimeClients feature gate to GA (#5752)
gardener/gardener: docs/development/kubernetes-clients.md

By default, the `client.Client` created by a controller-runtime `Manager` is a `DelegatingClient`. It delegates `Get` and `List` calls to a `Cache` and all other calls to a client, that talks directly to the API server. Exceptions are requests with `*unstructured.Unstructured` objects and object kinds that were configured to be excluded from the cache in the `DelegatingClient`.

> ℹ️

> > `CachedRuntimeClients` feature gate enables `kubernetes.Interface.Client()` to return a `DelegatingClient` that uses the cache returned from `kubernetes.Interface.Cache()` under the hood. This means, all `Client()` usages need to be ready for cached clients and should be able to cater with stale cache reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `kubernetes.Interface.Client()` returns a `DelegatingClient` that uses the cache returned from `kubernetes.Interface.Cache()` under the hood. This means, all `Client()` usages need to be ready for cached clients and should be able to cater with stale cache reads.
```

Reviewer: I think, you will have to adapt the whole paragraph according to the previous one.

By default, the `client.Client` created by a controller-runtime `Manager` is a `DelegatingClient`. It delegates `Get` and `List` calls to a `Cache` and all other calls to a client, that talks directly to the API server. Exceptions are requests with `*unstructured.Unstructured` objects and object kinds that were configured to be excluded from the cache in the `DelegatingClient`.

> ℹ️
> `kubernetes.Interface.Client()` returns a `DelegatingClient` that uses the cache returned from `kubernetes.Interface.Cache()` under the hood. This means, all `Client()` usages need to be ready for cached clients and should be able to cater with stale cache reads.

> > See [gardener/gardener#2822](https://github.com/gardener/gardener/issues/2822) for details on the graduation progress to beta.

Reviewer: remove this line?
